[Music]  i don't know i'm just wearing like an  orange tracksuit or i'm naked  we're not given a great deal of context  and there are no other environments to  explore for clues so we have to take  what's on the screen for what it is  this automaton will stalk you until you  die  there is no happier ending than a long  harrowing resistance before you crumble  in how many games are we the subject of  a truly heroine chase  the haunted  rather than the hunter  it's gonna be over for us soon  [Music]  wearing an orange track suit it'll need  us we don't deal with actual futility a  lot in games  it was more common in the arcade era  with things like missile command  exploring the theme  deliberately and effectively  conventional marketing wisdom  might indicate that the consumer will  block if they're not given at least a  chance of a relatively happy ending  but  that doesn't stop tragedy and  desperation from being  key to huge swaths of stories  appreciating the world over  run  game  most games present us with solvable  situations that were amply empowered to  succeed in and reward us with a sense of  control that frankly most of us may not  experience in our day-to-day lives  a game like night stalker where there is  no end to your problems no grand fanfare  for your efforts but lasting a little  bit longer no shiny ribbon no piece of  fruit  is in some ways more relatable  life doesn't ever stop  presenting us with problems  we just get better at coping with them  the game always ends the same way at the  end of the day  and the satisfaction  is in how well we held out  defeat after defeat we learn to cope  with a relentless world  and gradually  grow to form our own measures of success  [Applause]  [Music]  what's up  how you doing um  so here's another video for you off the  cusp so today i wanted to talk about  video games  specifically i want to talk about why i  quit playing video games and  that's crazy to me it's crazy to me that  i've been saying those words out loud  one of the earliest games i remember  playing was like  star fox 64.  mario kart  like yeah  that's what i grew up with i was staying  up to like 2 3 a.m in the morning you  know like um  yeah  yeah i was doing all that  but video games kind of turned into my  thing because  i was in a family of very  intelligent people  and  not that i wasn't intelligent but i  wasn't smart the way they were smart i  wasn't book smart  uh i  i could be when i wanted to but i just  never wanted to  and that that was my problem i just  never cared enough  about school and you know stuff like  that to put the work in  but what i did care about  was beating halo on legendary by myself  and getting all the flaming skulls you  know and like unlocking all the  challenges and  that's what i that's what i love like i  get so excited coming home from school  and just thinking about  you know oh i need to beat this level or  i'm stuck here you know let me look up a  guide or  i even like made my own guide sometime  so while all my siblings were you know  getting honors and getting great grades  in class and getting recognized on like  a national level for things  i was playing tetris and i called myself  like the tetris queen because i i don't  even know why i called myself that but  like  that was my way of standing out among  this competitive kind of um  family dynamic that i had this is like  middle school um  i  transitioned from like console games to  pc games and that's when things got  dangerous i found a game called  runescape  let me  let me tell you about runescape bro let  me oh my  runescape  my friends used to call it ruinscape  because that that game literally would  ruin people's lives  ruins cape bro like  this game was work  this game was a grind i remember  i was so poor  but i was like how can i make money i  need to make money in runescape not in  real life i was like i need to find a  way to make money in this in this  virtual game and i leveled up my fishing  while i was in class i brought my laptop  into class with me and i just played  non-stop during class come home  stay up till 3 4 in the morning  non-stop fishing to make money so that i  can buy  a pair of red claws in runescape  literally i was consumed by this thing  man but in real life  oh man  yeah i had issues  i had issues in real life  i dedicate this video to everybody  who still comments about runescape  even 10 years later  it's really been 10 years now  and um actually i find it interesting  i have nothing against it why should i  you live in a world which is man-made  everything that you care about  is made by other men  this has nothing to do with how i live  my life  i live on earth a flat earth  and i follow nature to level up because  we are on a plane and that's a topic for  a different video but we are literally  in a virtual reality which is  pretty much the same thing as any of the  video games that you play  and there are rules to this also and you  are able to actually  move on  however the trick is that they want you  to focus  on other realities that they created  so you're stuck in there and you never  get anywhere that's what video games are  all about i replaced  what i was desiring in real life with  this virtual game  and it became a problem and i  that's one of i don't regret many things  in my life but one thing i do regret is  spending so much time  invested into this game  i remember it was recent it was it was  not even like a few years ago where i  was literally sitting down and i was  playing a game and i was like  imagine if like the time  energy  effort  like the research that i was doing in  this game imagine if i just spent all  that and i and i put it towards  literally anything else in life  literally anything else  literally anything else  you of course will lie to yourself and  not want to admit this to yourself  because this is only about yourself  i don't care about you as such and  nobody online does you may want to  believe that  but the videos of the people that you  watch  who are popular are simply using you  that's why they thank you  for watching their videos because of the  money which doesn't exist  these are oblivious slaves just like you  and i'll never be able to see you as  anything but scum and you wouldn't be  playing video games if you would  understand this  because  it's the same as being depressed and  suicidal  not being aware  of what is actually going on  otherwise he wouldn't be doing it  and i want to explain to you something  about being popular because everybody  should understand this  if you want to be popular on a video  game it means that you want to be liked  by  people who are into popular ideas  popular beliefs  the brainwashed slaves  and you want their attention  you see i don't want anything to do with  these people  that's why i would never actually go  back  to playing  that game you're at the bottom of this  reality you're in a trap and you're  never going anywhere  this is how i will always see the people  who comment about runescape or anything  related to that i've wasted  so  many years of my life  trying to  build up this virtual persona of myself  when i haven't been taking care of  me  [Music]